Update default Wrangler version to v4.x (#412)
cloudflare/wrangler-action: .changeset/wrangler-v4-support.md

---

> "wrangler-action": minor

Reviewer: Needs to be a major version bump

Author: ```suggestion
"wrangler-action": major
```

---

> Update default Wrangler version to v4 (4.72.0). The action now installs Wrangler v4 by default when no `wranglerVersion` input is specified. Users can still pin to v3 by setting `wranglerVersion: "3.90.0"` explicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
Update default Wrangler version to v4 (`latest`). The action now installs Wrangler v4 by default when no `wranglerVersion` input is specified. Users can still pin to v3 by setting `wranglerVersion: "3.90.0"` explicitly.
```
